San Francisco sprawling
picturesque dynamic each largest
cosmopolitan city in the United States
like every big city it has its share of
crime and violence right now San
Francisco is the only city with a cop
like Dirty Harry what are you gonna do
give it one Clint Eastwood is the
enforcer mayor of this big city has been
taken prisoner of war by the People's
Revolutionary Strike Force what do you
want you aah
what are you protecting these people for
you know how many they've killed
sacrifices have to be made mister you've
got the wrong number boy we don't deal
in violence
what do you deal in waiting for you
white honkies to blow each other up so
we can move right on him you don't give
up do you sometimes not you
Chucky's chardin diesel man you're just
a maggot who sells dirty pictures
Harry's got a lady partner this is a
first for him now I want you very slowly
to put down that weapon and then on the
deck and spread your legs hey you
kidding me first there was Dirty Harry
then Magnum force and now Eastwood is
back as the enforcer the dirtiest Harry
of them all